These three, morality, contemplation, or concentration, and wisdom, these all three combine
together.
When people kind of preserve that and observe that very strongly, and keep that in track to call it
just perfectly,
then realization is just a bloom, one after another, and that whole period, in a way, 300 times, or
300 times, 500,
is very much of the realization time, and proper keep those preserved very much.
But regularly, post-500 is very big, big of that, and so, therefore, it is often named that 300,
or 500 times, or 300, which is 1,500, I think, is named as the time of the realization, time of the
harvest, harvest strength to the fruit period.
"Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya, yang ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha
bhi asamtaya,"
"Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien
zhanig ha bhi asamtaya,"
then it divided again. Furthermore, it said, after that, then teaching could again continually, but
that time is known as then.
500 times, again three, or literally, 503 times is then known as the period of the scratch, more
kind of academic systems.
"Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien
zhanig ha bhi asamtaya,"
and this scripture is connected to the Buddha's three teachings, such as three Bhaskar teachings,
Vinaya teaching, Abhidharma, Sutra and Abhidharma.
So again, divided into that three, those are time, more kind of academic studying, studying of
these three Bhaskar teachings, or related with the three Bhaskar teachings.
"Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi asamtaya," "Som." "Som" is
that always said.
"Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien
zhanig ha bhi asamtaya,"
zhanig ha bhi asamtaya," "Tien zhanig ha bhi asamtaya,"
Three times five hundred is one thousand, five hundred, one thousand, five hundred, so three, three
thousand.
"Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya,"
"Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya,"
"Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya,"
"Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya,"
"Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya," "Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya,"
"Mabhi ha bhi asamtaya,"